Update slack docs to reflect latest changes (#10607)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enterprise/workflow/ssh-approval-slack.mdx

h1: Teleport Slack Plugin Setup
---

This guide will explain how to set up Teleport with Slack. Teleport's Slack
integration notifies individuals and channels of access requests.

<Notice
  type="danger"
  scope="oss"
>

>   This guide requires a commercial edition of Teleport. The open source

Reviewer: Is commercial and enterprise the same thing?

Reviewer 2: In some docs guides we have used "commercial" to refer to "Cloud or Enterprise." I've made this a bit more specific here.

  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

## Prerequisites

- Slack admin privileges to create an app and install it to your workspace

(!/docs/pages/includes/commercial-prereqs-tabs.mdx!)

## Step 1/7. Install the Teleport Slack plugin

We currently only provide `linux-amd64` binaries. You can also compile these plugins
from source.

> <Notice scope={["oss","enterprise"]} type="tip">

Reviewer: The first notice of this guide mentions we only support enterprise version
But here, we have `oss` as part of the scope
Should we remove `oss` here?

Reviewer 2: That was a mistake—removed.

Teleport Cloud requires that plugins connect through the Proxy Service (`mytenant.teleport.sh:443`). Open Source and Enterprise installations can connect to the Auth Service (`auth.example.com:3025`) directly.

### Install the Teleport Slack Plugin

We currently only provide linux-amd64 binaries, you can also compile these plugins
from [source](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport-plugins/tree/master/access/slack).

<Notice scope={["oss","enterprise"]} type="tip">
We recommend installing Teleport plugins on the same host as the Teleport
Proxy Service. This is an ideal location as plugins have a low memory footprint
and will require access to both the public internet and the Teleport Auth Service.
</Notice>

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="Download">
  ```code
  $ curl -L -O https://get.gravitational.com/teleport-access-slack-v(=teleport.version=)-linux-amd64-bin.tar.gz
  $ tar -xzf teleport-access-slack-v(=teleport.version=)-linux-amd64-bin.tar.gz
  ```
  Run `./teleport-access-slack/install`, or manually place `./teleport-access-slack/teleport-slack`

>   into an appropriate location within the sytem's PATH. e.g. `/usr/bin`, `/usr/local/bin`.

Author: Good point, I'll just add it to the code block and remove the extra sentence.

Teleport Cloud requires that plugins connect through the Proxy Service (`mytenant.teleport.sh:443`). Open Source and Enterprise installations can connect to the Auth Service (`auth.example.com:3025`) directly.

### Install the Teleport Slack Plugin

> We recommend installing the Teleport Plugins alongside the Teleport Proxy. This is an ideal

Reviewer 2: I think we should move the following sentence into a `Notice`, which I'll include below: "We recommend installing the Teleport Plugins alongside the Teleport Proxy. This is an ideal location as plugins have a low memory footprint, and will require both public internet access and Teleport Auth access."

  ```markdown
  <Notice scope={["oss","enterprise"} type="tip">
  We recommend installing Teleport plugins on the same host as the Teleport
  Proxy Service. This is an ideal location as plugins have a low memory footprint
  and will require access to both the public internet and the Teleport Auth Service.
  </Notice>
  ```
  This will display this advice only for self-hosted users, since it doesn't apply to Teleport Cloud.

location as plugins have a low memory footprint, and will require both public internet access
and Teleport Auth access. We currently only provide linux-amd64 binaries, you can also compile
these plugins from [source](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport-plugins/tree/master/access/slack).

> **Install the plugin**

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need this line since we already have the H3 header above.

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="Download">
  ```code
  $ curl -L -O https://get.gravitational.com/teleport-access-slack-v(=teleport.version=)-linux-amd64-bin.tar.gz
  $ tar -xzf teleport-access-slack-v(=teleport.version=)-linux-amd64-bin.tar.gz
  ```
  Run `./teleport-access-slack/install`, or manually place `./teleport-access-slack/teleport-slack`
  into an appropriate location within the sytem's PATH. e.g. `/usr/bin`, `/usr/local/bin`.
  ```
  $ cd teleport-access-slack
  $ sudo ./install
  ```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="From Source">
  To install from source you need `git` and `go >= (=teleport.golang=)` installed.

  ```code

>   # Checkout teleport-plugins

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Check out the teleport-plugins repository
```

  $ git clone https://github.com/gravitational/teleport-plugins.git
  $ cd teleport-plugins/access/slack
  $ make
```
  Place `./teleport-access-slack/teleport-slack` into an appropriate location within the sytem's PATH. e.g. `/usr/bin`, `/usr/local/bin`.
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Create a user and role for the plugin

> (!docs/pages/includes/plugins/slack-rbac.mdx!)

Reviewer 2: It looks like this include is only used here. Does this need to be an include?

> #### Export the access-plugin identity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Export the access plugin identity
```

(!docs/pages/includes/plugins/identity-export.mdx!)

> The above sequence should generate PEM encoded file(s) with the `access-plugin` user's certificates.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph repeats information included in identity-export.mdx.

Place these certs into `/var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack` where we can reference it when 
[configuring the plugin](#configuration-file).

```code
# create a data directory to hold certificate files for the plugin.
$ sudo mkdir -p /var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack
$ sudo mv auth.* /var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack
```

> ### Create Slack App

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Create a Slack app
```
We use sentence case for headers.

You'll need to:

1. Create a new app, pick a name and select a workspace it belongs to.
2. Add an OAuth Scope, which is required by Slack for the app to be installed.
3. Obtain an OAuth token.

> ### Create a Slack app

Reviewer 2: Repeats the header above. Let's remove this.

and inviting them to the channel.
![Invite bot to channel](../../../img/enterprise/plugins/slack/invite-user-to-team.png)

## Configuration file

> Teleport Slack uses a config file in TOML format. Generate a boilerplate config by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Teleport Slack plugin uses a config file in TOML format. Generate a boilerplate config by
```

running the following command and place it in the `/etc` directory where it can be
read by the plugin.

```code
$ teleport-slack configure > teleport-slack.toml
$ sudo mv teleport-slack.toml /etc
```

This should result in a config file like this:

> (!examples/resources/plugins/teleport-slack-configure.toml)

Reviewer 2: Broken include

> #### Editing the config file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Editing the config file
```

> We need to edit the config files with values specific to your Teleport and Slack App intances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Edit the following fields in the configuration file you generated with values specific to your Teleport and Slack app instances.
```

> Open the config file we just generated - `/etc/teleport-slack.toml` - and you should see the following fields which we need to edit.

Reviewer 2: Don't need this sentence

> **`[teleport]`**

Reviewer 2: I think we should put all of the text under the `[teleport]` config option under a `Tabs` component so self-hosted/Cloud users don't see scope-irrelevant information. Currently, readers need to determine which information applies to them, and self-hosted users have to skip over the "Cloud Proxy Address" Admonition. Using one `Tabs` box for everything in the `[teleport]` discussion will make this simpler.

This section is used to connect to your Teleport Auth Server.

Set `addr` to the your Auth Server address or Proxy address.
This address must be reachable from the Teleport Slack Plugin.

<Admonition
  type="note"
  title="Cloud Proxy Address"
>
  For Teleport Cloud, the Auth Server must be reached through the Teleport Proxy address. e.g. `teleport.example.com:443`.
</Admonition>

Set the credentials to the identity files generated in the [export identity](#export-the-access-plugin-identity) section.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Self-Hosted" scope={["oss","enterprise"]}>
```toml
client_key = "/var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack/auth.key" # Teleport GRPC client secret key
client_crt = "/var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack/auth.crt" # Teleport GRPC client certificate
root_cas = "/var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack/auth.cas"   # Teleport cluster CA certs
```
</TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Cloud" scope={["cloud"]}>
```toml
identity = "/var/lib/teleport/plugins/slack/auth.pem"
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
 
**`[slack]`**

`token`: set this to the token found in the [Obtain an OAuth Token](#obtain-an-oauth-token) section.

**`[role_to_recipients]`**

> provide a mapping of Teleport roles to Slack recipients based on desired functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provide a mapping of Teleport roles to Slack recipients based on desired functionality.
```

### Testing the approval workflow

Create an access request with and check if the plugin works as expected with the following steps.

### Creating an access request

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="As admin">
  A Teleport admin can create an access request for another user with `tctl`.
  ```code

>   # Replace USERNAME with a Teleport local user, and TARGET_ROLE with a Teleport Role

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Replace USERNAME with a Teleport local user and TARGET_ROLE with a Teleport Role
```

  $ tctl request create USERNAME --roles=TARGET_ROLE
  ```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="As user">

>   Users can use `tsh` to create an access request and login with approved roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Users can use `tsh` to create an access request and log in with approved roles.
```

  ```code

>   # Replace TARGET_ROLE with a Teleport Role

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # Replace TARGET_ROLE with a Teleport role
```

  $ tsh request new --roles=TARGET_ROLE
  Seeking request approval... (id: 8f77d2d1-2bbf-4031-a300-58926237a807)
  ```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> The configured slack recipients should receive a new message notification of a new pending request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The configured Slack recipients should receive a new message notification of a new pending request.
```

### Resolve the request

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="As admin">
  ```code
  # Replace REQUEST_ID with the id of the request
  $ tctl request approve REQUEST_ID
  $ tctl request deny REQUEST_ID
  ```
</TabItem>
<TabItem label="As user">
  ```code
  # Replace REQUEST_ID with the id of the request
  $ tsh request review --approve REQUEST_ID
  $ tsh request review --deny REQUEST_ID
  ```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Once the request is resolved, the slack bot will make an emoji reaction of ✅ or ❌ on the slack 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the request is resolved, the Slack bot will make an emoji reaction of ✅ or ❌ on the Slack 
```

Reviewer 2: Is "the Slack message" the access request message?
